---
layout: post
title: JGiven
tags: [thoughts]
comments: true
---

JGiven is a tool BLA BLA BLA


Once again, has been a while from the last time I found the motivation, strength and time to write a post. Might be that with the 
beginning of the new year, usually comes back the idea to do write more posts.

Hence, 2018 is over and I am taking a break on the fresh and cold Moscow with the family, had  
some time to look back to 2018

#### Professionally
* Accepted to challenge at Zopa to help building a "new online banking" - helping to deliver a Credit Card product.
* As a permanent employee, I tried ?? embraced and push for Learning Communities 
* Grow up a team of developers, pushing for Extreme Programming practices, building a team up to ten developers who enjoy work pairing.
* Pushed my self to deliver a talk in a conference (at least I managed to made one)
* Contribute to Open Source Project JGiven, Ratpack and keep up-to-date LogCapture.

#### Personally 
* I have seen how the youngest child made his first year
* Moved with the family from London to Barcelona, after 6 good years in UK.
* I have seen how my oldest child started school in Barcelona and adapting to 
spanish and catalan pretty quick.

Looking back, I think has been a very intense year - personally and professionally. Therefore, I asked myself, what do I expect on 2019?

#### Personally

* Spend more quality time with the kids
* Have more family weekends.
* Visit @Felipe in Canary Island (this should not be hard, would it?)
* Have more time to play and train on Tennis.

#### Professionally
* Deliver, at least, a fresh talk in 2019.
* Write, at least 6 posts, one every 2 months.
* Improve more skills for leadership, empathy and blabla.
* Deliver to the customers the amazing Zopa Credit Card.
* Keep contributing to open source projects.













